the perfect testimonial doesn't exist
or does it
[Music]
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host of the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
if you haven't yet check out our weekly
email where we share actual marketing
tips useful podcasts free guides bonus
resources and much much more every
monday to start your week off with a
bang sign up today over at
businessgrowth.email great job would
recommend
testimonials like this tell us
absolutely nothing some of the best
testimonials really share a story and
fill your prospects with confidence and
can be the difference between someone
just browsing to someone taking action
and becoming a client
so testimonials can be used in a number
of ways they can be shared on landing
pages on your website on ads on social
media and much much more they can really
share
how you fix someone's problems how you
made their life better and why they
recommend you as a trusted company to
get the job done for them
some of the best ways to use a
testimonial are to do a video session so
you could record it asking your client
questions over a zoom recording and then
you could chop that up repurpose that
video on your website landing pages
social media and much much more failing
that you can get them to complete it on
a review tool
so wherever you capture reviews like
google reviews or perhaps you use a
dedicated tool or software or worst case
you can ask them the questions over
email screenshot the email and then use
that on your site your landing pages etc
so i'm going to share the framework that
i recommend so you can get compelling
reviews from your clients and you can
start building trust and getting more
deals over the line with your
testimonials but just before we share it
when should you ask for a testimonial
from your clients well i recommend after
you've just delivered results so perhaps
they've just messaged you or called you
to say that was a really good job really
happy with what you've done we've seen
some great results you've grown our
revenue we're happy our customers are
happy then's the time or likewise if
you've just finished or completed a
project again some really good times to
ask for the testimonial i'm going to
share the six step framework to get
solid testimonials from clients so step
one is asking for
when did you first realize that you
needed help with the product or the
service that we offer so why are we
asking this well we want the testimony
to resonate with prospects that might
have similar ideas requirements so when
did you wake up
when did you when the issue gets so bad
when did you realize that this was
causing stress for you perhaps your team
perhaps at home perhaps of management or
your boss what was that tipping point
when you realized you needed to get the
job done the next part to ask for is why
you chose to work with us and this
really gives your client a chance to
share the beans share all the juicy
golden nuggets of why they chose to work
with your company as opposed to the
competition they're going to share some
really useful insights some you might
not have even thought of it could be to
do with your initial discovery call your
listening how you took the time to write
them up a presentation or proposal
perhaps it was to do with your pricing
your after service your after sales and
much much more so they can really give
insights and fill your prospects with
confidence that you can get the job done
well thirdly you want to ask what was
the problem that you came to us with and
the good thing about this question is
it's not always what you think so you
might have thought well they wanted to
save money they wanted to generate more
sales online or they wanted to bring in
more customers and it might not have
been that it might have been something
like
well it was really causing stress with
our company this problem that we brought
to you was actually causing our clients
to drop off early we had a really high
churn rate on our services
or perhaps it was something much deeper
so this the reason we asked this is like
earlier questions we want this
testimonial to resonate with other
businesses other prospective clients
that have got similar issues going on
organization so when they read or watch
the testimonial video or review they can
think well
i've got that problem actually that's an
issue with my company right now so i can
see that someone else has had that so
let's read more let's learn more about
what these guys do next up is how we
helped you with results
so this really helps your customer sell
for you in the testimonial so they're
going to lay out the step-by-step of
what you did for them so that would have
been having an initial call putting
together a plan of action then doing the
implementation then the delivery then
the after service so they're going to
lay out a step-by-step process of what
you did how good it was and how you
helped them achieve their desired
results so it pretty much does the
selling for you and helps instill that
confidence with people reading or
watching the review the fifth point is
what's life or your business like now
so this is where your client can really
share the positive impact that you've
brought to their organization to their
company and all the good stuff about
what it's like now so they might say
well thanks to your service thanks to
your product we've increased revenue
this 12 months by 10 times or perhaps
we've onboarded five new clients or
perhaps you've saved us admin work of 20
hours maybe you offer some kind of crm
solution instead of spending 20 hours
for our team each and every week we get
that time back so we can really focus on
selling and speaking to new clients so
you've brought us all these great
advantages
and you've really helped us grow and the
final point you want to ask for is why
you recommend us so this is a chance for
your client to really wrap up all the
above points and share look because of a
b c d e and f everything we've covered
here this is why i really recommend them
this is why they're going to do a great
job because we've shared all these
points they've helped us achieve what we
wanted to achieve and this is why i
strongly encourage you to speak to x
company to help you get the job done and
it just nicely wraps up everything that
they've previously discussed in the
review so to recap the six things you
want to make sure you include in your
video testimonials or written
testimonials are
when you first realized you needed help
with the product or service
why you chose to work with us
the problem that you came to us with
how we helped you with results
what's life or business like now
and why you recommend us and there you
have it that is my framework for getting
the perfect testimonials from your
clients so you can attract similar
prospects that have got similar problems
ambitions or goals and grow your
business as always if you enjoyed
today's episode a subscribe on youtube
would be very much appreciated or quick
rating on your audio podcast platform
would be much appreciated and with that
i should catch you on the next one
cheers